Recommendation to put hyphen after OCID prefix (wrong branch) (#1066)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/identifiers.md

</div>

The ocid prefix itself is made up of two parts: a prefix agency identifier (currently only 'ocds' is used), and a random six-character alphanumeric string generated for each publisher of data.

The ocid is case-sensitive; in other words, the letter case of an ocid must be consistent.

> It is good practice to separate the ocds prefix and the internal identifier with and hyphen (`-`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is encouraged to separate the ocds prefix and the internal identifier with a hyphen (`-`).
```

We like to use the words in this table: https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-hansen-nonkeywords-non2119-04#page-3
